projects/README.md, before:

# Projects

Summary of 15th September meeting to discuss project ideas
----------------------------------------------------------

We would like to make something that would allow us to demonstrate that:
- We can write some Python code,
- manage software-based projects,
- use git and version control appropriately

Additionally, we decided that we would like to make something that would be:

- useful (preferably to the scientific community)
- interesting

Several project ideas were discussed and ranked based on difficulty, time commitment and how interested we were in the idea.

The top project idea that was decided upon was 'a spell-checker/data sanitiser for bioinformatics datasets'.

For next Friday (21st)
----------------------

We need to do some planning and think about a few key points:
- Does this tool exist already?
- What will our scope be? (Types of data, types of errors or characters)
- Think of working project title

We should also get everyone that would like to contribute familiar with git and version control.

Commit message:

added minutes for last weeks meeting

projects/README.md, after:

# Projects

28th September: The project is dead. Long live the project.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Attendance: Beth, Harry, Maddy, Riku, Shannon, Steph

After changing direction last week we set up github for data visualisation project (working directory: snake_club/projects/fancy_graphs).

Everyone helped come up with questions to address with data viz.

- Shannon looked into setting up jupyter notebooks (and integration with git)
- Harry started looking at pandas/dataframes in python
- Riku organised project ideas into tasks
- Beth set up git access for the group and uploaded datafiles

21st September
----------------------------------------------------------

Had a look at datasets, realised the data-sanitising project scope was large and hard to work on collaboratively.

Decided to choose a different project idea proposed last week - data visualisation of NCBI metadata.


15th September: Meeting to discuss project ideas
----------------------------------------------------------

We would like to make something that would allow us to demonstrate that:
- We can write some Python code,
- manage software-based projects,
- use git and version control appropriately

Additionally, we decided that we would like to make something that would be:

- useful (preferably to the scientific community)
- interesting

Several project ideas were discussed and ranked based on difficulty, time commitment and how interested we were in the idea.

The top project idea that was decided upon was 'a spell-checker/data sanitiser for bioinformatics datasets'.

For next Friday (21st):

We need to do some planning and think about a few key points:
- Does this tool exist already?
- What will our scope be? (Types of data, types of errors or characters)
- Think of working project title

We should also get everyone that would like to contribute familiar with git and version control.
